h3MxKIQwRohCKDuFRtac truthful negative
eSGMIwQwhY8kKcsPvGNK deceptive positive
N5FHmF8ocorgtiHGu34q deceptive negative
Z3kQZwwfZLQtjv9nMaap deceptive positive
SItldVfrknsejkWdmIQQ truthful positive
sDPbw8jFV8TLhRNjekS2 deceptive positive
SCnIEW6jqMBlKFo8ec85 deceptive positive
wFiOIF7vjaos7kAWA7oF truthful negative
If2WnLq5Pe7dK1AiViuW deceptive positive
yK5thMygeQqIPCWX2Pl1 deceptive positive
MH0UF8Rd9wvl0Rjaukvv deceptive negative
Gfw7qyFoz6Sp7XUJAvDf truthful negative
51TSlX4DSoa3UNANex0O deceptive negative
qUInHXGOsMKqcCaHmhbz truthful positive
CkPJx1N79IDFOEENtHYI truthful negative
3iuoTv5B8ompTOlIjLjq deceptive positive
uFwtevzBRgOOFkDVmOul deceptive positive
jx5Gg62Ok10zl2A8HRWj truthful positive
J0uHlMw0a4h68noPQ1P6 truthful negative
HWLQKtvYINGYpmmZez2I truthful negative
DyQPLLqBkcVhBcVxKdPU deceptive positive
1sfS72IFwDM8Q0Uc0QCt deceptive negative
rPJwOwOliqQeAeSyiZVu truthful negative
qPcH4gpXJGiGhsU6x2Tl truthful negative
yQBISMl7HLyFhtIhQGVn deceptive negative
NZ7QxAZnHlMtta8qkec5 deceptive negative
rsmxzojz1uJJsuArp81J truthful positive
awLMXQCaDHQVx55fduXV truthful negative
XlppEbeW38dCSONiZ1l7 deceptive positive
idjxxLJf42u92nQjIuLG deceptive positive
rCiTbhDt4D70HuOG0uc9 deceptive positive
SRZS9ZA7kYBlE2H9j2Df deceptive negative
koxaDcmefNp3NBc8Vl8X deceptive negative
hdVFqrRrvKYHrtWuGYkX truthful positive
uHOQ3SKELyiH0GoePSCz deceptive negative
xoTUVKBOyNxQCSIckdlT deceptive negative
Dmaa6UIEOa8sixZQmnYm truthful negative
x6K7kLY25ZmHxCfQWFic truthful negative
Z9VEHcWKgrePcivFacJo truthful positive
9693eYlNuCiDQJr0M1KB deceptive positive
Ji7oEDeqtNZylwNXg1Eg deceptive positive
SmEKFfFjYRblZn0dkJtA truthful negative
L2YSnPm1CHU3aMy18RLm deceptive positive
fAlgnBfEniFBo95bWgpU truthful negative
Lpp9MIgYHV1uW1v3Wjkb truthful negative
upsEx5fgHhBklheLXJUM deceptive negative
62D8Kykg7SSOyyaKavnP truthful negative
ESRRWcpK0ZNoiYsrURoR deceptive negative
y3oHjaTCzRX8JZ5L3Msu truthful positive
frSghZCrui1FIm5MsehX truthful positive
gtfe1fPpB08Ild0LqgPp deceptive positive
E6Zn8Nhx1rO17Gu5eT01 deceptive negative
idi6r2Ozg66xAeNYeZTF truthful negative
P09OZRwoLT9glUauVvuN truthful positive
Uu0jx0OIkTQJSILaXOiO truthful positive
qPVfs2fQgk6ErXJMbVFf truthful negative
6jpkpKW9TchABerZMIeC deceptive negative
QybWgMTmXKOIZSN7lMw1 deceptive positive
RJcJwt6vfVe75PTrylN2 truthful positive
e55gWmN5ULtNypgCpgYJ truthful negative
MdIIGEwUvadjce3GgFjZ deceptive positive
iZg5a0fXcZJYotlzmfZV deceptive positive
pehWuIOGlQ3oQGXxeTNR deceptive positive
O6kvNBMpsySMGQjhuAEh truthful negative
c6oSDrn4OsyJsBdp0FPD truthful positive
pIvjhcGdZjypSQixUB6G truthful negative
rWUriO3ffNI075D38byU truthful positive
QanwgshL6HWcUIurlE8z truthful positive
t2lbI7kckXOY1lvGu6fy truthful negative
Gm0xtXtY135qcQMKYZau truthful negative
apm5znSNgEa6LHNlKIPT truthful negative
LwhoMIY4rj9aThA9icIW truthful negative
iMTfUhcMFOOY0gmkivEy truthful negative
ltPkpqVNI58R6iWB1tyz deceptive negative
ceEgjP5NCOksGy8RzCQn deceptive positive
HBTyMArq6mapTWILgskI deceptive negative
02GRaAeUBioqRjtkICm3 truthful negative
iE7WoKqhCcw7DsllGnOg truthful negative
YANrsWaqz2rq1vrFOUFL deceptive positive
Dzx4EruFPpLU6LBhdljg truthful positive
pYvZm2ulCX25Eo3hcc6q truthful positive
yMUjbuZABOaWNO3jKl8j truthful negative
bHUu8JxgZOeU71th5dZo truthful negative
oVF0DDlOOqH3wsheyk7Z deceptive positive
o39kXRJ2kc62Yejh83gm deceptive positive
5CzWzpewfTWl8rTf2blW truthful negative
nuYHaDkhsWx2Ec9aPhn8 truthful negative
Ua1drUYODTRjpmdY0j3C truthful positive
UplfSILkqOPCOCpyiAZR deceptive negative
diYTt4opOkGlRZJFFr88 truthful positive
1oThiTzPBjoVQkEQLAHb truthful negative
g4ag9MTdzAde3uFKnAqs truthful negative
aYtrIo3LdMPolZxVTExH deceptive positive
ZORHgcbBIW6Ubnum5w6r truthful negative
bVOyC9uIme2cDCwmwgym truthful positive
gFfakpzlRadCxAi3WnDR truthful negative
KNGlVp3gxo5a3x51RyfK truthful positive
rwiFxdYYUBzgDndCVLYM truthful positive
DTqjBFA6QOPsufzQfZK3 deceptive negative
3JdO4cneqNoXdohZm0OM deceptive negative
YcT2SVzJHhPmZl2vB9H4 truthful positive
Jc26lHOTgXEKVhFfyHBV deceptive positive
Qc9sqTb7VW3PDNGIqf13 truthful positive
fg0MPNXC3eKe3EWnbw5t deceptive negative
DFRIk6iFZqWFfcvDXxuU deceptive negative
cdV5h3XfAwo1ZRZ7ospJ deceptive negative
xNGbV0moehyoxzQ2Uo0u deceptive positive
98Fp1z930nlpCENjRfU8 truthful negative
AqfCDBf1tz9Rp0WwATyB deceptive positive
V4cKO7oMaErDp6RECrff deceptive positive
eqHYwfIeM29HmeCj50q8 deceptive negative
7HNjfGjmDlhvDChT6fBw deceptive negative
boayn27ICdAiqmxY7J9B truthful positive
fVVyGV0cPrd2EHkRbWyT truthful positive
nmaOUSq863iUHzdVPJSD deceptive negative
AHzFJl3pCdITqCzK3SeB truthful negative
1KS9gqNqB2t6tvd9OhS7 deceptive negative
xEHKwQ11hKPrhMs2o3CE truthful positive
VAETyE0lPFAOo3lEj7Is deceptive positive
IExcU3BZSSLO9v8kSjFC truthful negative
cAedZtXlBM447BrfG1bz truthful positive
3Itq8exryTTEMIHSGLw7 deceptive positive
nIb5TYvvJuxiA2jXERG4 deceptive negative
XL5VaRAnYFdxrzfFglpK deceptive positive
9qhyzgHGDyxQpzRhAP73 truthful negative
czybREtiR3TEWXw4dOYd deceptive negative
le6LTI2YDD3DNrAt6aLJ truthful negative
CVrIUYcqyCnyng8ocURh deceptive negative
UXIWhIugShPnN95UqOEW truthful positive
dCZJGoHJCSbSVSisdXgD deceptive positive
dJoSVtbLLBLi654zxosE truthful negative
30Jr5o3GU5cMeKZ4IcgY deceptive negative
iKU3o8m28RBp1LsCd6Br truthful positive
Z3tOBNKQRzmkrEHD7Cpe deceptive negative
9iUzUZa6pQ0WspAp3tdz truthful negative
9XGNMFDV3E6f5YDz5YYe truthful negative
gcV17Fr0uRjhcWtBAeRs truthful negative
Cm7xSCFmZzNheIsh9eVP deceptive negative
QXvYywVbp3U0UidJlfE3 deceptive positive
khofLk3seWf1vIkBK86F truthful negative
Cp8P0RIydec09yvg2vn3 deceptive negative
pmjQPiZ9oMWjViQGGEHX deceptive positive
9nnT3Azg4phCxIZ4Yfy1 deceptive positive
M75p6pxhO98gXYquukcP truthful negative
RoRBOcTOVQRYIDuvydDC truthful positive
3VI4hGi6jiFMbQjF9iHo truthful negative
54EJezXDcVW7SvI4q5Mx deceptive negative
yjG2JLndPGGeynfZneul deceptive positive
KruOCKUzQbDdLzY4mOML deceptive negative
fgsa3qky4gXsvPQpivN7 truthful negative
6tXSUaypTYgOZUlRZBmD deceptive negative
iVEKxqV2664bOsAEAe1Q truthful negative
jgo8cPZLxeMfzcrUnIC0 truthful positive
f9Ke2pC1iIC1aRCi3WAg deceptive negative
Z3Mm9EglgGo1FDebjdLZ truthful negative
Y79M6fEEdR11l2Uvijo7 truthful negative
8utXBPR5RFqBfFAR5FYb deceptive positive
9XlSCKzI2pqvIFWkL0Mj truthful positive
DgLq89LHNgtYCzp6CZkD truthful negative
zP9RhDRtpRHbQvmNLWLt truthful negative
tBu3Yx1TiphYh9sMsfqy truthful positive
r4RKJx4Tjj8N7TdTbjhg deceptive negative
cwd3GaTIhHEPv3jy7ZSS deceptive negative
HkNM46yMpZWp7WAz6mAs truthful negative
33B4NLmwQH7cLl1AsE4d truthful positive
KtGE4rYOqu1vJCSER7Ws truthful negative
6VlByLPFzqmYzjPJ11Zo truthful positive
w5zfZAM1bQQRSOoVnF9S truthful positive
ECmhSD5wfV5B7lyJPL3z truthful positive
IrjHq7vEr4Cj5Lv7luaw truthful negative
qA7eLWmxYMJPcul4kggW deceptive negative
lnUs5eQohc3mk2YvzQO3 truthful negative
WdLbhg8L1jywXcFyVu7a deceptive negative
xx4xAtWAGz0I0Tsgb9Ql deceptive negative
qV4SHElseRTm0giqockX deceptive positive
D9iFnNVX8ze7E46cHsLO deceptive positive
lrHSNTTBCe78AN9fOzkE deceptive negative
Pm2AckRZ0zW8dzpG2J1X deceptive positive
qlqjN8PvPbnJzHl8N7Te truthful positive
9G4ek8NIFC33TUtvu8wv deceptive negative
WQJ5EAfRQidMuERbRwda truthful negative
tv1oSBQmPYvIS3bNuSIl deceptive positive
YKzoYBXQD4U5p7Vmt8EB deceptive negative
k23s4H7u8wIgr92BnFFr truthful positive
m7uYBbOIxquXxgw27ty0 truthful negative
rIMQV4gGHH7m1ZUuGAXI deceptive negative
sZDdEGRIVYduxFcQcuWt truthful positive
CgYWavoCSSGDXovNWvCS deceptive positive
qoDXqUs3tkIcykt3XIIK deceptive positive
R2EkpEJqMuB275w6W65b deceptive positive
rfJNTadLbshovaxj7zCg truthful positive
xTDHuu576Rcc3AlKYCBT deceptive negative
34C4kGBF9eOb0AODGUaH deceptive negative
2WCoNzGmLDD9dHs0XowG truthful positive
ecaGfc6gKRr2q0kFcqkv truthful negative
EDMJFtcu0Kzsl5Jt4iL5 truthful negative
qTy7JNPdCP81gt4mrtVq deceptive positive
XXNXPHNFuXnVvTm3QMbV deceptive positive
jMvysdfRz8Wpi1AucHpc truthful positive
pNnrW0s4am088u92KVQV truthful negative
334kGhThdUEmadQo2s3r truthful positive
iJiouMVB6d95iNmDYjCn deceptive negative
4trv1F5NINVX4EUrPPcx truthful negative
aS0QhUH3IwhE1aV8V7et deceptive positive
kzUCY2jEEitfuubZMbiX truthful positive
oIA7fHZSQgDVnR0MAAXI deceptive positive
CRWuAKQvbSGBQQjFwMsM truthful positive
vRqeK37wqhLclkoS8N1M truthful positive
Uwk2LBixehMt6BZ3Sz1z truthful positive
qPOJQzCLSbvazPwb9F9B truthful positive
iKrsIHAuyeU81iNl7Rcw deceptive positive
pYwrvDq87mBQmCXZWpZ6 deceptive negative
xy98kw3zeo4LgfMLCJnS truthful negative
SLfkgFt3r4j4oFIwoubR truthful positive
znXSc7eBGDLdR0OrjXDw deceptive negative
PHlDhozhjDcxkM0uojF0 deceptive positive
pQpSWKRzOVwLyfzXRwjr deceptive positive
8WAQiYEjbZs4ailam7DJ truthful positive
lwXS0psBK074Z90MFzTV deceptive negative
FWXGkWcn6fL50dwWLoRq truthful negative
fofTiOGChg9qpiovgNcX deceptive negative
YofZ2dYJo7aBLZ5mkIKs deceptive positive
yuzyPqQxB3CpLG8ILHeU truthful negative
P7IH5PlfotkBxZQrQHlk deceptive negative
AnIR3mcVnhhir2WB2eux deceptive negative
2hz7EZkqQ2TE1PuFnWuv deceptive negative
WuHwYRqstpBsuD8NEuBC truthful negative
zIfPGBXSTD6wS3g0puC6 deceptive negative
7591neFhrwhWvHIfT9je truthful negative
hjaw0Gw5aSESf3fUlr18 truthful positive
dk5tQrtCM1en5ZAVXCAN deceptive positive
OH0upJ17TcJ3G0rDOs6q deceptive negative
j1XmJM9lmJ11YMkG1O9c deceptive positive
EVdbCNlnGKIqhAxZFvR3 truthful positive
SswtagEaAG40fI6eH7ZR truthful negative
3KHzioyuHoC3lBf0hTLB truthful negative
ghpRCrv6Ot85ZFx6U8CM deceptive positive
PWNT26hEHyaiAAMGuHPp truthful positive
lHI52ivseCSacI8Zj7ng truthful positive
U9Fmvry14LK0SCLc9t24 deceptive negative
5URO5COjuf7KEsd89fC6 truthful negative
WbAje2WTEvkEZcQu40MM truthful negative
6D9sWgKL0x6JW41gvZx9 truthful positive
vf0LfjnblWZqyoBZkmm4 truthful positive
OhTaH98aqtI75MRzstjf deceptive negative
eny92v0WZ72UsplavLlT truthful positive
2hK8IQD1WWp8EW4xxXZ2 truthful negative
TOYC9oIQSAdJpuItV5LA deceptive negative
8xX1N0SiBKBK4MEYRU8S truthful negative
tuyZ1YjBSugvD30J7Rlp deceptive negative
MJaEDmjCIuxjGkHwqcJR deceptive positive
azL2WTvIx1wh7ZA9MgUZ deceptive positive
Awrhhegbp0TSDdxiD3PA deceptive negative
p0TCRCJmK0A1HTxz1MBx deceptive positive
QmXYCOZxCIbf6JpsDcRH deceptive negative
DtBXMxaqpMoZA2rq2cKf truthful positive
1LaFjXejXzikAAqiZXI8 deceptive positive
smQOFXiGSNbvGhhh8bcu deceptive positive
jXRzAY3TE77m7uQsCCRL deceptive negative
RtcQ9kJqjrw4IoEsJyPh truthful negative
hARN0X0sNFRJ9YMZ4sEz deceptive positive
5vVAbsxqxqNY9493ZbP6 deceptive positive
0MToxUvIFjSsmlJKJjGd truthful negative
3wjOEFUcxbDtUd3kvehr truthful negative
RwtApeEMuFc2AGfHnROa truthful positive
burGC4nsmuq6ZGNABPtL truthful positive
BfRHvevz2tYUPaGEVHgC deceptive positive
f0UplngB5MbPdOinzK6H truthful negative
DrOIsi4LKXuPip2TccVg truthful negative
lpsx6bUgOBxyBbG4eOwI deceptive negative
RDf9lTgojjamxOuX0thW truthful positive
2HDqOQ4bHrPmTwHHCbAU truthful negative
EkjLZSVN8rRsJ5Ji4hy7 truthful negative
QSGYLefaUuiC8N1gQcRu deceptive negative
8KWjGQa3VEsRQZOBRPYg deceptive positive
Rhob9KZdn0O8cKdlciph truthful positive
L4dpvZlQQyHfLGkrCHhB deceptive positive
mQDwRtGqEGHfIGEI5FzS truthful positive
uSF5Oox84eS4RB0u5LhN deceptive negative
NNG16WA8Vpy4hG3WKSNI truthful negative
Rv6s8zJzcVQNd1w2Wds5 truthful positive
zOh4Q0d50F5r2VuMc4sK truthful negative
UOXi483xeFR3ESpTFIRZ deceptive negative
tZ3UXBgSidGOl5qZTYnl truthful negative
79qH6E2vUAmOQBWxaSTB truthful negative
9lJp3NYoU5zkx78FOfft deceptive negative
oQDt9wbeGar379kJB4I9 deceptive negative
eLWhpWkuJe0lwYFdk1bY deceptive positive
DwEgJ67LPM2wnNDbdWOt deceptive negative
GmPjjbDOPZjhZ8FJbM7a truthful negative
J7lMgbXtshX9Bsc3OTQd deceptive positive
2S2g5QK826GHz9yrbfto truthful negative
3GIclj05wQLQP9N4t0qW deceptive positive
SyMUYTTY4ZU3bjccRYx3 truthful negative
02kds25RFtpa6DJL21y6 truthful positive
k8QD9m8uauwDUc4fxzO7 truthful positive
bWGXixVWdGUiUjZPEF9U truthful positive
hhbusSq9woX0eeywhlWS deceptive negative
JSxaDo7RAD9ujaQxTgJ5 truthful positive
4ImgSM4ExVJmkJTulstf deceptive positive
ymvOuGFTzS0mTqheWen8 truthful negative
pFYMwMQrhgjVA3qnu3DD truthful positive
Y10YhAeWferr1dXtuNL8 truthful positive
89oppU94gD0cusagqQ7H truthful negative
8z85qF704omPZUbTivpH deceptive negative
C3PQtKwPIgRrBNwfPZPG truthful negative
y3Y1AgNyuzWQDmjDW1O2 deceptive negative
86YRkFnx7GnLUKoGR2nE truthful negative
QUDYtpmmNgnvlpxkZlOT deceptive negative
CiUwnlpt2QGg7h1ZuuS9 deceptive negative
uOBZrm9y5FkQ3LTkXtwf deceptive negative
2QhiMDV8Nck2W9FGQGlp truthful negative
mR22VGkI8khBas0eMZdU truthful positive
VzsltFU8YM9gaPhf3cJz deceptive negative
YidMTR1LMSa76K6Uicll deceptive positive
esOX0kDcYHn7IyCctPFU deceptive negative
kzk7Ay8crAWgT8eEYxAZ deceptive positive
E1B7uoB5qKWMT9ILqRwe truthful negative
8hdfqYqePsSBXcm1JQmS deceptive positive
6JuXJTP0bt6SIfuI6DLZ deceptive positive
Wsd02jivnBU0KVwziRDQ deceptive positive
GPiXIkPxnSYRz5Nkh8ga truthful positive
IWIoQCxNk8L65YeHkgvL truthful positive
5VLyY68QHvdOZXDWuOnq truthful positive
Booo1B6J9VcbiUD1ZnSo deceptive negative
oFn2coNphJAYXJ5GCFtl truthful positive
mRVo0GwCy4t2Rfrczc3n deceptive negative
vDm63WYmzJEOahUmJyiN truthful negative
vriNDnBneAuIF9vfwD1b truthful positive
lP6oSffoeXBzOwq0J7DC deceptive positive
NSACjl23GaUPZfa3JLPX truthful negative
YKtiiqNDAsRkJCw0D8lx truthful positive
Ui2MvsHHgv8VuUh7qjcJ deceptive negative
bC1d9j43L9nLBOFz9KCV deceptive negative
x8fG4Cpf34hrRVflzBjC deceptive positive
iN0MDRtWSpaJCCPbINf6 truthful positive
1LvSkpq5tEKnvRrL46Vu deceptive positive
meBx3qzIOUlLddyjdBuK deceptive positive
OeBKQy7XnJRpyV5QPRAk truthful negative
hHrA4inXqKPwxaxSRENf deceptive negative
QxKVHd7DcBIWuW61Qhmz truthful negative
9smsmjsdtqAlSrMODgGi truthful negative
E6yVM5Bail7IfWgtj0XW deceptive positive
Rf0tzozy6ef5iRpcyrt9 truthful positive
DhUXuJQjP5wJTrohvKCB truthful negative
5oLXvoFxzRAdDR5o4hB3 truthful negative
OZluGzY48Hd6hy6ChOoF deceptive positive
g73izOUQvP0Fxpe7pG9P deceptive positive
HdSDCS6wp1SXOdI7DDKf deceptive negative
GPb8YmjRgIAm5sSGMcjN truthful positive
ESVznExeoSo46UbSO0Bb deceptive negative
biqZTrnQWOjUOSfgxvlW deceptive positive
WBuGt0RxAuwwdorngDIy truthful negative
dvIS0pggBVCt40LdHgxD deceptive positive
PXOniTDmYewiEtjnYO1y deceptive positive
J4qQ5TnxqoXcSmGXmXzd truthful negative
m6jUpPrWeNmWhCDksEE7 deceptive negative
7e7iiLNGsAQgR3Qf29HC deceptive positive
Z3yEN6BwnFuqRTW4Kf6Q truthful positive
7ozAKIj2LvRrkuomdUhc truthful positive
IwuuUhHgL4ISQEwo1F6m deceptive negative
AmIYCOaPaiDcKY59gen7 truthful positive
7Jjy6Vo9pNWsTHTU5f1l deceptive positive
dSQqT7sbeITInl5OITE9 truthful negative
poJIDZFmhFCr8jtIPIFL truthful negative
Ojj9SN4A7aEdBijGpDLb deceptive positive
PgTqcKctsjfo0nSeqohs deceptive negative
tpuLfCCuMz0jCUYA25vj deceptive negative
zqQFXmjahyZZbIas62AM deceptive positive
7hMGQnkZ8tbcoWmnJyni deceptive positive
OjAVqOgjxxrq9NehCDI0 deceptive positive
LeElJECBoofSJRTYCvIo truthful positive
yO8GXXZrbUf7S6vguiwD truthful positive
UgdooFImf4yvNafMrINp deceptive positive
BUZ5uWVrLxiW8CXWg9Sr truthful negative
LG0KVXD7tFokCn1D92yY truthful negative
Iy9mQzFLpshZVfUmFQb5 truthful positive
eps3TfYeLqwqNEbznZHo deceptive positive
ALxjrtjXRdb6nwoLSVR3 truthful negative
nBH30jsWCWOpDXWYJ7MA truthful negative
cmoY23nKtmnUErWFIat5 truthful positive
aNdVeFF840QLUrgDZOBN deceptive positive
5ZPEKaIveJzcbiIMRl39 truthful negative
gpQ94JAhy00IuPueVSqt deceptive positive
9n2qVRlp1gL4kPzA375j deceptive positive
KLrAJkX8wsMBHYvaYJZ1 truthful negative
JbFlw7rIZMzS5xojnCle deceptive negative
s5CsFgO0MWg9hKvNITCq deceptive negative
AkT3U1nW3abiWSNcLs42 truthful positive
WG7eSnCKEa22WHrfMM78 deceptive negative
TzWwy2PiZGtftUvDpmhh truthful positive
uk38lFia7vMrbUHbx8Yr truthful negative
240IvwgvHJnsmwEfnIdk truthful negative
ZYDUlqIossYOjjQbo6Kp truthful negative
FdOhZ52WdHcXvGBfyRkn truthful negative
a1Jj1ogb6QUSrixebauH deceptive positive
DUFhB9onelzeFMAIMB4C truthful negative
nxwAreCxSp4afmvEVswO deceptive positive
xs8edd0WfStEW4GB2jN8 deceptive negative
GIX1CnlJtBqpmVNHXu4N truthful negative
gKrkrlYw5etBRDCAGcAO truthful negative
CAavofvpbifPjakeUDT1 deceptive positive
54WPSAk5lpKBGYC3tdjH deceptive positive
nqCTtb106RG5dSUmuAJH deceptive negative
J65wa5FGgJV2MKa2hnh0 deceptive negative
8kLvLt3442MIJGeR6RlR deceptive negative
KLxk9h4b7YHs4ky2BPa7 truthful positive
XxwvdE675h33ka9IDKZe deceptive negative
7FGz4GVEdfu0krtLlP88 deceptive negative
bBfyHNwO91pL17qxvCXg truthful negative
OGSOnC7iS8ePohcxhYpv deceptive positive
9JrfRK2KkOhhSJcT18kE deceptive negative
8h2WWlWPPQYe0b2Ol0gR truthful positive
De4IDjcgjjjybLK6OM8I deceptive positive
zANlAIwui9ko1liFYmnX deceptive positive
UbfFkDT4IlUQkz01UniG deceptive negative
ZMB92Meb6WdwfoW4TbTR deceptive positive
bUEo3gYPyjalwJdaZsZm truthful positive
rKnQU9HLgC2mSF3EiVBn truthful positive
Na6U40P7pgDgGbeuTlaN deceptive negative
y6BCxTKzWmm6LIeHlFc5 truthful negative
XdOoZnY1PpizhjpRAfd0 deceptive negative
a15w3S2InCvZ2I4eDYOh deceptive positive
euaDIzRJvARe5bbmMSBk deceptive negative
et3rntWPrLSocqKKcPCT truthful negative
abM7p5IY60ufRZf5DjR1 truthful negative
yV2SpdQGS9XzncOCJSNR truthful negative
9WrHb1vAcYkrOqKtyUdZ truthful positive
D4AyZLKFd0JJslJkO1b2 deceptive negative
YjlsSlPzAXvRFn7CJXAc deceptive negative
x1W9wJzHjv2oggtJ78Fh deceptive positive
gCrDK2nUykxq6GqkU3v8 truthful negative
7P614SNyJlh1rCpCcINM deceptive positive
g1rq6B5mhGGtK4Je9a0b deceptive positive
zUmUAzqE63q8LDwyihTf truthful positive
8zKJi4XXQoagR3eLYClB truthful negative
ZtYOvM8SCT0A89nXpy8S deceptive negative
z7XFNduN6oZkS27ISKpk truthful negative
L2b9E7NTaxyBVhQlx900 deceptive negative
Bp8naE4OjkaH2hHm3iU5 truthful positive
MgMry3cvA4xtmYINiONv deceptive negative
cX6JtlVuwnRR3bsp7d6v truthful positive
yRb7nBWuegFmK00V1mOx deceptive negative
bCgfLo3b5cOtk5B5DLjc truthful negative
LLzqTyc7po6Tp9admpIf truthful negative
ArcCTb9t5JKyKB4k3SYu truthful negative
XPOoT90MPgHEfllf7Tr4 truthful positive
IBYwednAZLzFNoMX8dQx truthful positive
ZZS41s0ham9QdxOGg7ZB truthful negative
KPixlyiwRuONlktDFMQl deceptive negative
pOFRfwhrgCP7766zRuZ6 truthful positive
Sv1kFh2zCpreOJXjdxJq deceptive negative
1OLdvidAOZQiQkk08HpN deceptive negative
HPHp8iZ3zNGVW2tfFV6z deceptive positive
NACq8aCzgF2zUew3fK7x deceptive negative
eEcESGBA9sKZFJerTgF9 deceptive negative
bU3iRNyVcUpMgRznpxdp deceptive positive
uOF1237SXwQjWlXgcUVb truthful negative
blu0TZUxrZsP0SL5nGvt truthful negative
L0LOpr7MId3ikkS48SMg truthful negative
ph2UWvKv7Wjk7kXY5EPu deceptive negative
heBiJUigW5xjLIOHSNxl truthful negative
FrlouX0j1dRLBZRQ9Osl deceptive negative
7p1fqzDZlxCSsyrWfomY truthful positive
PebU1gP9PWUnUH9CNDXH truthful negative
EH5r1duX68LhOjwCOf8M truthful positive
GLYPdQOw2b0sXRDfjhn9 deceptive negative
ozUfH9fswEtVbieVmRnx truthful positive
BMoKx7mEoN2zhf6XqIrM truthful positive
m4JTQRWJt8xghpobVFDq truthful positive
zvwkh674t2sxSGHHkXgm truthful positive
FxIDQLkH8aphrw7K4xXI truthful positive
8vgqeGKgpB3ry5xx3s1J deceptive positive
eYyzyKOFune3cXKFh83U deceptive positive
Lg4XrYxV6akQkFM2WYbP deceptive negative
Ea4Oy6gHT9oABYD2PPyt deceptive negative
WUHXh0LEe4RlWDrAEzSO truthful positive
VzXKEGryTzr3PpObQyMC deceptive negative
TYcjZ3Sn1JniXisj2odK deceptive negative
1QK5VHGCdpPQCRPYXtjb deceptive negative
bu932BrANILDZYK5ki2b deceptive negative
XiHRk2wcQ7knZrpyK2oQ deceptive positive
J0ykzj3tDP0dWnEh9A7w truthful negative
zuTnlAYtBvT1FjN2RKWj deceptive positive
w9457gU942VLhA82x27A deceptive negative
zbkXcsrVT5mWlo6kV9VX truthful positive
89fMl9xz9no7r9kZhyha truthful positive
5OFBwqjOgRceoNeFvJMd truthful positive
Br8GW29pEphr77YGCrwz truthful negative
G4JQAypD4f5AfUjLQzvu truthful negative
BSOuhCFpgE6d6IP3enOH truthful negative
bZGL8NItnUSjjLOb0gSZ deceptive negative
zWV71X14ikF0ZbhcJjDC deceptive positive
Ww6YIaAQrK046apjNb1F deceptive negative
O3DeBCEBg5xq4m2Sa5zQ deceptive positive
VB3vgl4qhpgA7IZrzajG deceptive negative
TGYTX5QbebwnmNxviJHc deceptive positive
z3PcNuChHSSm2N2foaA4 truthful negative
4qiY5bCrgFuuVxp6XC6H deceptive negative
312anvbF7h20JQfGOOPO deceptive negative
3yaydYPaHVFEEmWJkwL7 truthful negative
Tk9f1asxxC54KyrafYgu truthful positive
gwI5P70XIr801N9pX4IX truthful positive
fogve7osK5KULEEdXiFt truthful positive
TFHPuVVUzLnGi8VuASs0 deceptive negative
Bv6BBDuNJTTxRs4gOSFm truthful negative
6b3Uvy4ytWW8iNwfHVOz truthful negative
LUl6mkzYXGtpaZdWZEcR deceptive positive
vlWqXb4LBa5QgdIgNQjO deceptive negative
DAjrtK8bLRVNIu44IqoB truthful negative
E4o5p8aqGFssVhl6Ec63 deceptive negative
v2PkXYTzdSnZPDqSmFQk deceptive positive
UOjDfuknEquK4yLstyyi truthful negative
R6bxo49wFEuakOIreBSi deceptive positive
sINLZw0y39dEMnh05gpg truthful negative
Fom87UomuwoPPWZlXa2u deceptive negative
MUZN0vfvLi7WED7hXIjq deceptive positive
sfVBortd6ssmEflrPsL8 truthful positive
pI4Y9AkAzxngrgPk7F1C truthful positive
ZfvrDCdTYNkOV1sLbOVy deceptive negative
iWkYCu73rLBdkCwC1WYL deceptive positive
3IZeXta0jJeQcRhS2Iqv truthful positive
UbUTAbfafAPWos8zmlq5 deceptive positive
U2MNBuh3ZGQ5QwHMUliH truthful negative
zsxhapatneZFBpyDdoOr deceptive negative
3xY2FuiwjOTdt6giR6hG deceptive negative
198o7uAXPg7QEwnM3wyh truthful positive
f1kbD35CIih1W8thqkCi truthful positive
YgUjVuF0dITm6gl9bqu5 deceptive positive
gmldb0JeQHZrwnVVHri6 deceptive negative
8q4nNe8OTu1rEQ7OfqMn truthful negative
MsHt28gxeOGfx9RZrjrR deceptive negative
bp4XLAhsy2bm8ZGVUbML deceptive negative
s7nuyzHj4UnszJ2bbkaE truthful negative
bKGO7KNHVyJZ7PdCFAhH deceptive negative
3zqpjygbEl0rlKEdR9Rg truthful negative
hgzO0N65XbHmyNHogZzY deceptive positive
9MZF8Y28Ndgf5Duz3ntb deceptive negative
nxTSvFzufmC0lnqLf3mw deceptive negative
MJ1fzPXBTpgFwtWmtAPm deceptive positive
PwARJ1F30fnpK0iSgkM5 deceptive negative
Am7akOEwz0EZyEFuaZdq deceptive negative
F5VEICMh9JOzzA6xjatd deceptive negative
iTGqGNvYUhbnkEq5IBoV deceptive negative
OGMJqfIFizu6Y4wYus6Z truthful positive
h5QrUXNIDXrkNr0MhmrE truthful negative
0r3jYoCK45YrLhCrA4lA deceptive positive
SiEo1bpDhmqO2vYNlVsV truthful negative
mRrTKO69ZY2AccM3COpI deceptive positive
UcOPyrT7gALq7wjYTtV6 truthful negative
bxfcTaEsOxVNhOHmOztB truthful positive
YldHAL7bYdOzBJvMX1wL truthful positive
8oWC9lgF88V52WtgoFRC truthful negative
LX02kkU8GqzersEn4jEn deceptive negative
0KKybu8INQQhZo94iynE truthful positive
gXq0TTXyo1cTalU1TQZP truthful negative
WMmrhqwKM0IAmNIheNWK truthful negative
kZiawYwFSfwA9YWkISxU deceptive positive
DlkRFFF3K1mQMawQJfnl truthful positive
vCI0pRW6bWujO6D6FlXT deceptive negative
DpDsNixGrBVwM1N72dUL deceptive negative
mP27ONuIb3JVokJKb8gY deceptive negative
TiIuqNwSLc7LjCmPndOn deceptive negative
tdxCfne590JsvlU0ju8b deceptive positive
qE9cXyCbfs2VS6ESrgyA truthful positive
ALZ7hoZNsGXnKtM88kx0 truthful positive
S0mcPRghmfyISpPKZQDf truthful negative
HHNXXZhkXiHX4Cw8qSFj truthful positive
UZPwRwBVAH4DsrQNtr0V truthful positive
KgYmVuFScNyfCrwpGPA0 truthful positive
bOzgJt2ebli92m2z0qql truthful positive
xzAb3MgQvWUV3CxCAIrI deceptive positive
U8LfKQP80ScfoqixOYyG truthful negative
pDcE8BCSf3PyHtVdp1cI deceptive positive
vr2eHAbniR3eDwtXr6rz truthful negative
cjUD8cE2KwIn1WvnrjFj truthful positive
p6eCSyVqRCk6qIICb3zA truthful negative
6gEiEuuEaooHdSrJEd07 deceptive negative
RqSXL1FRYxbsPlVjgOLv truthful positive
fb2chkqa2s66FWyn3ehr truthful positive
Zn8vbRC7nCosJ8FqEE3k deceptive negative
qKOmrvY3ZvWNwxePa1Gn truthful positive
6xodKb6Iu5VK041wjtLx truthful negative
dt0CGTtnvAGuDeZR11yd truthful positive
XZc0znamzLLVNojqszlh truthful negative
zq7RiL46J0AjU8iBSktv truthful negative
WFDZKu47eEWVdBJvhNc4 truthful positive
8k9APTpi9A4hOkaZUnUM truthful negative
HGdwXKBSayeMRdyZNlJA deceptive positive
CrVVDGgyi27PO9rpSlvD truthful negative
uaoCYq5J5qzFFOYmG94L truthful positive
wiyCgnoGqQuyWrO4QTuW deceptive negative
xhLKxBsGAZfUKJNUDOoQ deceptive positive
9rIQEwpHPhUtm0y2IyD1 deceptive negative
hjg022c8VDbZRvzoKbS0 truthful negative
ncGgMsLtBpNdx6FIBo6E truthful negative
nuRklwfL1msTQRLegxmJ truthful positive
cw5HcMud996ZWuB3ASW3 deceptive negative
54OhlgqDGHVHVyknCxM4 deceptive positive
muiV5N1zmxTXPl04U2lh truthful positive
jQphJ0gcO5AmzzDJLKEP truthful positive
gvdN6HwDQmdu8eblVmGr deceptive negative
NPoibm1W5paApN5DUrOA truthful negative
FDbFrNHtbKyZDe0RK4gH truthful negative
79m2X08UrbSzlByDF3DB deceptive positive
NsfmR3T7fC7PXErajJhz deceptive negative
lt3PjL9ENJDfeuqLs45m truthful negative
3JD3ubiPx0O0jtXTspac truthful positive
YfYGGI7J8jGDcuzveQaW deceptive negative
YDMplkk8zWMDBPzAEOXr deceptive positive
7jhJ8GoK4e9jcL6Qoze8 truthful negative
FAZmQQ4mJ0ZYPccZN0UI deceptive positive
2ssV0N1xMWIKJLirsky3 truthful positive
GFJXABFivY4q2DxbbwK9 deceptive negative
ZqoJ0qk3RrNvABDQpurJ deceptive negative
NXngeZjSVY9GrI6fjsSS deceptive positive
OKuIlaF5jroF6x9ax746 truthful positive
xQDrKljaccDdvp7b6DuU truthful positive
hQdlj1uLG04iJSUtXjfw truthful negative
AgipsVMV4tGbrNTnTV45 truthful negative
SZUJ0sxVsAXnPojAGy8j deceptive negative
WoqhkFM06VB1ewz2cUTr deceptive negative
QTb3SWpWxgkmCwNHudMo truthful positive
pLJ91WNIwUHuBV0IBmfW truthful negative
OBmGsZRRTHNVSRcIPvMI truthful negative
4qpVLNJzqPz8nrJgrNhn deceptive negative
fg49Mbi8q9kYAjmF2eeM deceptive positive
wc8tbi41kj7gckVgByKF deceptive negative
W6HE0SG5zEc7MBUgCaQQ deceptive negative
kmeavJtwoliFAS1bSzy3 truthful positive
aCGb5EEOyL4sBbS7H6VN deceptive negative
AVE8PgwVDeINvlV7kxjF deceptive negative
UtbB6WQFnHu5DC32QGtv truthful positive
LnHPgcVMQQNtfdJY493i deceptive positive
TH1POsuigM9oeOdafpnD truthful negative
tw52YQtwcjmrveUjtVN0 truthful negative
ZkvWgPqn5QRA6hNAhv53 deceptive negative
S69IsY0FR4bl1aOpDbxJ truthful negative
QIelEuzmGK9Ykvk6MRFL deceptive positive
71CTRH0yBwaoH65xXDzf truthful positive
2oCUzmh8sqblxs6BizGl deceptive positive
4mS6T2i7iYvZrPe64rWH truthful negative
YIt3Y2fpb2d2mfHchnyj truthful negative
H9dyua6wcoVPPzxx79Pi truthful negative
QUtyFbu4dxO9MxVOes5H truthful positive
Zyoc5fc3o9aai7qDrx2C deceptive negative
9owHdmB0wh8fpPyYKNj5 deceptive negative
8uzHl4upMzq9RaY3nvy3 truthful negative
JKWmS8Qfc2YOAavr09Kz deceptive positive
nLsrCZC3dczdCaFLQrcU truthful positive
pcL7NCX7mr6KvXdILr7L truthful positive
dRSzES0eCBay44Sw9PH4 deceptive negative
FAm9ygpOaTbBs713nqWw deceptive negative
ctyRbsg7sCwZJFHnAoMJ deceptive negative
r58p3ICrNvM5Q8oTGF0z deceptive negative
6LpmM3KEER7xEUFCAEi1 truthful negative
lk8pkWCDzFDwRcSeTtwS deceptive negative
JL12B8cerDSnePLDJYuA truthful positive
IhP3aQEKTxv1PMnm3E5t truthful negative
sobWIFnQ6FENZo6B7X4D deceptive negative
keL3MeNIUoCH2ZQBCXjj deceptive positive
nHrzyNLcbzvZiufwbfm9 deceptive positive
HbG398VBk5oOiEh2rXh1 deceptive positive
5eC01b3Go7W3Hyv8PLJV truthful negative
05P7vUPmaePGNE1MbNnr deceptive positive
Vuf1kNe4j37QnnTVo7Nd truthful positive
uEgav5RKixwQ1iz8g1Gt truthful positive
Eq4QPMwx5kERUBueDcw1 truthful positive
SpkLt4uxp5ciLaJVkMKa truthful positive
yfyGOVX6kO5xUSmgVnrj truthful negative
O5bAd9nWoMkgzTDJYU80 deceptive negative
0nrq2IczRm8aFwPK3F5D deceptive negative
83TcSj8fEaXW9dGkTBbi truthful negative
N8aXj254OK2MI1rXfxhX deceptive positive
t2TQz7w6txbRKrv1LmIG truthful positive
nl71rNmtlZYgSA5NLTOP truthful positive
597FLxfDcBCTuCRmwsbf deceptive positive
ApXEYBfcEHmF9rcwYbNK truthful positive
n7XzWOyleRcsqmbeHAqx truthful positive
yDeoCTrd9KPMuwK91y78 deceptive negative
f2tq9g8Y4weinaoMrdO1 truthful negative
ywtx5gWWpJgQy9lDiqLd deceptive negative
Kvb3sba9rtOfOmqYwOjZ truthful positive
i3U3SC1uJLCTsBPnnXsV deceptive positive
9YdSEdd7hHGWSb1KOQul deceptive negative
B5lcEx5z6EhAwhgIQFx1 deceptive positive
ujUHkGaQFxPxUWLoqUPM truthful negative
8pTTlprUkdRYyUy12PWK truthful positive
OgZ6NgCisPb2u1rf9fWq truthful positive
McKuYWQ5yK0SH83l14aT deceptive positive
OxDKPpLEN6KMXYy8CvIF deceptive negative
vT3BOI3BbIsNvA4QGpis deceptive negative
26Qw2C6McQdum6yKPINj truthful negative
pmvlbQ7SPqCZG9knGExG truthful positive
12SK4t7FTrEw77WGJSR4 deceptive positive
igT3GFMvDzmgvvSfmkZh deceptive positive
RzlRtmzwPp8Jj75Kw6VZ truthful negative
xTEW9SpxufwdWo2jtDu2 truthful negative
0FDXvbQeh09TzPaj1IKA truthful positive
rACAHFeu2jSrlZiSnh4F truthful positive
xkfuwhYBcPKjCpIccknM truthful negative
jSTnrwek3uM95R9ojfpF truthful negative
URBJsQ9B0SV5FQ5Czr0X deceptive positive
W16FtZidHtuPeevnEf7Z deceptive positive
u2Kx8QoMmncRnstALpAP truthful negative
7aE5SMBTCEHQTc1fzUab truthful negative
YZ1qGYFOzHdrCDpFUqg8 deceptive negative
xnFLzKdY0wq8d3p3k2gN deceptive negative
RiyCd64QxBcDe5VpwZvw deceptive negative
waN4fJ123Hr7fPUWW5c7 truthful positive
d6QbkD6JCY0FTvX5lXNB truthful negative
Y0sOUjmd02PS69YHGxZz deceptive negative
3COPfMOsOO16qCjNCAam deceptive positive
VcD8fhFaFWODbYkC1vBz deceptive negative
2l9kFdNDFRlvcxDRRfBK deceptive positive
DVdGt7Y4kUOabm2fOWsQ truthful positive
2AlT7gLbw3wmt9gk8jzK deceptive positive
CR5dA0c1stiZChjx78WD truthful negative
gsGRegDohSOupf0QzTfG truthful positive
l6xebiHzOWGSO1cV2sgp deceptive negative
L5NbOyqTemub0pFwGNrB deceptive negative
ZXFDhQKvVKcvYRqVtGjS deceptive positive
oTXO1QUffcXymf2CDtgm deceptive negative
wSi7veb5SbJYUKWpgLcc deceptive negative
TeivrF8ygJAOeOT6V3Ua truthful positive
2PgezlvJ6SVBpZnDg2XZ deceptive negative
Pg1nf71I5Ge1KlCqLqMf truthful negative
475v3VYQzSk10IYjZyqE truthful positive
GLdxjHK18F1dT5CE28Bh truthful negative
OOroDnQlNqN6ftiYZoDR truthful positive
GaURBsBKj6RodBpoqdD4 truthful negative
108VnG4bc8ByPDDFzpx7 truthful negative
Eo4G4bB3DRpaKP6CnIA7 deceptive negative
lmtd659bf8oFEUkp0TCE deceptive positive
ka22Iqnlymfk9t1DpNjK truthful positive
z4BejlStMLi8831Puc8H deceptive negative
XSRwbX25F2Uqgd9LHbPP deceptive positive
5Uv3xbQXP809BlZfj4Kd deceptive positive
IMGiXIO5ISNatpN0sjVC truthful negative
GBEoNgUk3SYrVnEjtuuY truthful positive
VDVJHPHePr8vl5H5tzD1 deceptive positive
2d5BRRWlwkEb6QCFS6cJ deceptive positive
iv6NHJSRTT6Ux4TWr3TY deceptive negative
FpHQHc8Ttwi7O9YJZrj7 truthful positive
3CGWkU4Me0mLPlWZtvyd truthful negative
hFIQT30tvMOWnAtOXNCC deceptive positive
90gjeN6RJ3kCLNInjrWx truthful positive
otYU8501g35dgygAAv9r deceptive negative
AwAw2ex6aFFuJeFFm4rz deceptive positive
IUhR7bup55UYGRCLbJOJ deceptive negative
t4MGznHUsu2d2CoiZEp7 deceptive negative
WDf6e5HuIuQHZkE9takk deceptive positive
TADi3a60Yut4V1Be7AoM truthful positive
1MVSus2V4I3n13711PrG truthful positive
6MOL9IONyqB4UfEcRpeu deceptive positive
zcSAmT09l7Vc8mgMVOJe truthful positive
pkfEkkQZEPzkGz50vZ3I truthful positive
z5gams5LiihQxTVWgMIR deceptive negative
TTe2AOfRebckna2HTYRR deceptive positive
R14T4ZVlun9j9stBIeLb deceptive positive
nDhEpm2ZW0PeTGSEFebQ truthful positive
sml5rzTNmwNZARZ4DFgr truthful positive
bh14da3R4vEvZGZXDyjs truthful positive
aHM0RzoatsDyPuCl5bSG deceptive negative
GWZNXvq1clYbU24VKAne truthful positive
l9EhRHf6adGeHYaZzwub deceptive negative
BwQJsSesUroZYbwDiYhe deceptive positive
3amBp0sXP34ILx86lL9v truthful negative
6WCfxlBbOYOj98NGa7cX deceptive positive
aGCRJmYbMzt8paG4HVBC truthful negative
sxkQs9eDWbArC9QV45ry truthful positive
VQHITV3EleYLe8GvUcxO truthful negative
omWY3YFI8w80mYZsS8xC truthful negative
fywxoBpa6nDNlZJG2sqU truthful positive
aWDAJ4cJ8TiyU9nrqf1m deceptive positive
X7tnp3zfCigfCvxyb589 truthful negative
Bgrct2PYZKzHnc2PSFQ7 deceptive negative
bATRUk2doPjX6PzwOXzt truthful positive
YFgeIzqDQJB2Puo6lzlw truthful negative
UUtcWYXUaG7KwH1462e7 deceptive positive
DGMBEMw4y1YlmHqddst6 truthful negative
mqDr0aXaNAOP6Vl9EdSu deceptive negative
zM4LuROx57la1dJaoOpH deceptive positive
9xuhOTLyPtzkdfYA6jFS truthful negative
IwhmmqcxFeJwGN8z7DFN deceptive negative
2mpSDvdLPgiG0786VqfT truthful negative
XG8MYUZX7LiTQPLBAeUY truthful positive
R2BkTbmj2PdoOLb1yNnz truthful positive
YWusBbzudfSKDWMly1Mk truthful negative
jOrTfIujMJCB8lRSdki3 truthful negative
mP9P7hKHFCXg6beDGP5Y deceptive negative
jAkszWIMo4E1AJs2jgzy truthful negative
IafKXbpz6L7BOd9Cw26t deceptive negative
hyLhGlHIwyuFLtxLniB5 truthful positive
zrk0KdqyxKPblq7gEA7d truthful positive
vxIagxMT4Zq7AwkfmDBA truthful positive
Y9qvu3WJvW8VjoUrPxMh truthful negative
vPGz1XeYdBBOkHkVRbwy truthful negative
9FEpMzsB2ljXP8lHgkxj deceptive negative
ezftiBVSCAlSp7gm2Nfa deceptive negative
XhPmcIsC0R1pMmReyu7T truthful negative
tHA1BlJdPmrgTf9rmoYe deceptive negative
IpEGfaD37pBN8Q9sDDv1 truthful negative
Z1r6y1L55srapwD3yZwn deceptive positive
gtRgxkhNcE8zG3zX3ymE deceptive negative
7LqTXCivAUZSy89RVyFN truthful negative
YorGd08MoF6YKP2jwtup truthful positive
iTlgfbjJD5eMtlRaSztt deceptive positive
RfdH5w1ZHtEeoLYetk9I truthful negative
PJVmPksK7BCwieyXfLWl truthful negative
ZquUmS0gN5ayBvHsEcdR truthful negative
uSjYTS5TmjRD9BuNogL7 truthful positive
0uI7wpIuOiMSi1e57c5X truthful negative
krSXXrFsg7WrkFrPO8MA truthful negative
FBzIlevaMMD1PCuRoFH2 deceptive negative
MwN39Kl7fHVaOO3dxgVH truthful negative
yWevDbZ78NozmTpoGv9O deceptive negative
Es7r9fzhBDJEmLsfBEOE truthful negative
EkdZTDNGtkwcjf1aPKUl deceptive positive
fmTEdm94TmiRRtbOSZrk deceptive negative
mL1fklPbzRkfDUHnlFsU deceptive negative
EFxVawKXC90VYysSdlNK deceptive positive
nw2f5Um0kr61xCZ42y8A truthful negative
L7RYYYApYIQTZGvUZn1e truthful positive
LxLUa7yS9qkV8S6Xz8E0 deceptive negative
bcEGNm7arpOhP8Ou9sKX deceptive negative
NeUbXkC6QFTXGkFpR8KZ deceptive negative
c2rRfGVLUdl79B53ZZeG truthful negative
C795bPcC24ICYl92R5KQ deceptive negative
uLAGksQvtiNAqnxoEFty deceptive negative
VyRJjBkMXSH7iZ17ApSa truthful positive
QRm1estKdQTRWZQlfTs3 truthful negative
eAJjCWTiMct2frdWqRXv deceptive negative
CfQgTVkACwrDJww7WPYh deceptive positive
CS00z0G2jehrqVO5uorN truthful positive
EyhcWPsnagyJQ2Apgeln truthful negative
2nUNbLG19bFyTnXKHb25 deceptive negative
rxmk4VjtQNlEk6pGKgWq deceptive positive
fb42bBxVNhvAor7ixYmC deceptive negative
qKpzTn20QJJvrKsJzjnt truthful negative
xzsozvTV7FiYaVYQfwIl truthful negative
bkE9suBrx6c6aOgpdnFH truthful negative
uJnyEjG9ceSQItoxm4dp truthful positive
ckPzCqPYH44FgMCxKQkr deceptive negative
uuCavAOgXHH2gENqY7ir deceptive negative
0cwdKtQmbtCtJRbXN6KS deceptive negative
AzL28J3FlYI2MZalSJE0 truthful negative
qN1JMa87RyjzjLf8vxA9 truthful negative
fc3bAVxzXnd4bGFlORqt deceptive negative
MbEolj29cRo2gCO4P8D4 deceptive negative
jnDPr9TV7kkVv82aa2PO truthful negative
gxyggd4wRbpjMHdDI0B3 deceptive negative
UtOZ9ejaOc59LQ3tn4j0 truthful positive
6kamxAoVKqbGqiEyj1dZ deceptive negative
IoXqDR9tzGQxQ1FkVEmJ deceptive positive
D2u4AC2BHumIuzgroXSM truthful positive
fwgAEa36SYTW7iewz1sd deceptive positive
ngj3TEy7vfdFGXteKy3O truthful negative
C9dlBDYycJOOMNMz4vZg truthful negative
N5wLuIPBWNTcLukCgjR9 deceptive negative
y3NLnRXXAunJjcAPqAgz truthful negative
xSRoPjJYrWh9L7nanp8R deceptive positive
SUL6iN8wKdSG4naBc2xN truthful positive
Mi5CwNeLdBUvLXFfReWJ truthful positive
8sAA1ltoJQFc5j4xGrVt truthful positive
cC8xHdki5bQ2ZzqZAkGe truthful negative
btyYtWdxIKItc9iS4IkD deceptive negative
tIy1UUPLgQvpX3bo9qAa truthful negative
ANy3I81FCrKRxxVnGYWr deceptive negative
krrGSskG78fZsfbs8h74 truthful negative
6ycHZmHbZ1tLJZ7aZkaH truthful negative
wwohG3i7EHm0qZddYLZj truthful positive
DVwSFosALFpdox9gdsZ2 truthful positive
Yr0MgjZWRwVZWUJrSMsQ truthful positive
8LNbD9lR0k7iouHUMzwO truthful positive
GBCHL9e9JhrnvrYQ6W9s deceptive negative
pmWeoqM7F4S8A6EkZnbX deceptive negative
jV7TkVEI7HuDHucwzU6J truthful positive
320aO08WkhkffI7RSXvp truthful negative
2ytRyMaPcSG0aks9qFqk truthful negative
P1LF3wsNwHhjtajzAl4Y truthful positive
rihXxYyARuLUGuC8yXGL deceptive negative
AArjEhZRmO6nfhOqsHRV truthful positive
5WfXYXCvElKgoQduJAE4 truthful negative
3Bin1hOFIK8N1prc7NFI deceptive positive
F6Jj2ftYhj8iCOkYhyEi truthful negative
XXWfVeASze6wb4kIHX2t deceptive positive
J3HFcGo8AMRl4XKVmCsW deceptive positive
AqUyg52f1f8Ru9aZKLKp deceptive negative
et6Ft2ZCyC567nasnaCG truthful negative
rdLgqGD6gNWdQOq1QpmV truthful negative
qEcJa3uFZIIKe1gduvHe truthful negative
puufEyXVm8dV3XrvZsLp deceptive negative
M8l2raiEw3sc0Gy9t1Kk deceptive positive
07I2RiEXiuvkfEkSiByp truthful negative
znkUENi2GYhIajXvpstN truthful negative
88m1IRsMhZdJlCA6mXi5 truthful negative
cel7mzzoFcPHE283Yp6Z deceptive negative
USMmsqVxtaeiRtsRadDy deceptive positive
KtPi9swFlL6gMp6AKCgd deceptive positive
XZ5B5WannmsmNKNn9Qhn truthful positive
PWeAVgG42ZNtWkglF6cw deceptive positive
7HdwCCHK6gsBl0oxugrO deceptive negative
n6lDxIkpGbGkKMdUXbhy truthful negative
osAYiqoH58wC35iGLxZJ deceptive positive
zNrp0Cz4O4SBsAvEDT1T deceptive negative
VQsn91cdKbMd7cdlDMCm deceptive negative
lQhwZsCIMBp20LRUkouK truthful positive
EEKIJzxbybOlRfYfRYiP deceptive negative
mFicGoXSPNFIgXlTkoh6 truthful positive
OlVeaBl1ATWc4yACyhE1 deceptive positive
3n2fe8C64iabpwucWm7g truthful positive
T7WEwCxPMYQoIA3ZT8y9 truthful positive
Nv6pcckFO5JLOxAdOcm3 deceptive positive
nof51oo5i9zgN8sTbZMd deceptive positive
xjQZ7SpNGyutxaPZkRRE deceptive negative
4nFpMmTChCmv3ZzccBUJ truthful positive
aquP7MwyGTtM1CmKxsql truthful positive
hcQjc4t3z4XZZX8bjIzK truthful positive
fikz44VnEx7DuT4f3cPM truthful positive
ecFLGWVsMrFCQn1Vckpx truthful positive
RWbxHGV2APR1rxXx7g6X truthful positive
fEEbR3kTTuwu7RCAJ0dp deceptive negative
aYHveUa5OE9RxQK6enPj truthful negative
QBGpT8OknQsltetjyXFi deceptive negative
FmU5ETfNEQTpzrw4onwc truthful negative
BC2kVafgho6cQhbBWwK8 truthful positive
88SAathT2DMsn3dvrgOR deceptive positive
IRgYrbo3bPKAO63XpGra deceptive positive
n4I9mysiK4tF7gDs2ZRy truthful positive
dgEKxYDMeDaMejaGKHR9 deceptive negative
lzSiPDFKXDPKZcVJ51WP deceptive positive
4I0fVhJHXR5ehTkkeSjS truthful negative
EMdy93jKkcmHN5N2KPw9 truthful negative
kcOOWN2z5jhek7aCMMIG deceptive positive
1LAZAvcshueEMMyNyjlD deceptive negative
bEi9CBscA98dgqyUVpjH truthful positive
pXjuXjXYasAMvD4tOQBU truthful negative
YvN3FfguHpcOZ7BgvGWg deceptive negative
8TutbFYgcKL7MmUamRQQ truthful positive
L0SZpBxpebR2Lmu5FtC4 truthful negative
47M9HFFtRSNMvoiaIjCY deceptive negative
ydIjVojWkVkQhXSamo4h deceptive negative
LQ5WWv14MijIoIhUtPyy truthful negative
UySfSKti98dpLmyeMl0z truthful negative
afwaltRLblb6802NTnR7 truthful positive
GsxpmiT9giN1VBbHkWRU deceptive negative
4tA6FGYnjDx3NOwpXW9R deceptive negative
ijE9yFEOcjGG55Shsafq truthful positive
Id080r9gsueTFCtLNbXm deceptive negative
UzphzLvUVptuCH8EBOys truthful negative
DjzVCgMW8qNPse7U5q25 deceptive positive
v8IrJAIvgBHkVATRQIkb deceptive negative
A6RQsLVpbIOoA69tqvqb truthful negative
dzIO1MFriB5btCZFAIys truthful positive
HeoXonH2YomW4mt70NNC deceptive negative
TmlkSJ335IXDl4fHndsu truthful negative
T1YCtYd5poWjxtlskOOw deceptive negative
n8OCixqWuP5Kx0tiqrgQ truthful positive
J3AzcN33YTaUSzvNVQG8 truthful positive
GJunJLBo6lZC1hNGb9cA deceptive positive
Akyl9jT0IM0iM7m5f8fz deceptive negative
CWrRSlv3D1m1Qoi08YYR truthful negative
051iyY6PUKLzJbPalu9K truthful positive
gr6aM4KD0SJ0YVT2SaP8 deceptive negative
FG7HdLIE8u992MEmkooN deceptive positive
9KzPwVWEMeYTRkjalLui truthful negative
vSzrXQPlJkJs1bXr03CY deceptive positive
5pUPhMTZuPsLXAhbNqlU deceptive positive
N73RgJuzwx6eyHFlTUCj truthful positive
nHheUt9RvcSIAiOeUCFS deceptive negative
D0ajigJzPqFAcEv8XuqJ truthful negative
qLo6qoRy6reOVEBEfOfX deceptive positive
ZTRsbUxgzRMHggCtMkhq deceptive positive
S21ylU02VhY2t4pyqpdf deceptive negative
bDv66NpTVLKqFgtllGAy truthful positive
HBSGOTHPZFxArc6hD4zI deceptive negative
vIKlHZun7ssbdo3Li3Ok deceptive negative
yON2TGxH2rGZNStU5x1y deceptive positive
5ONSZ3sKNJSF9coRsOlZ truthful negative
7WelnhXAKYQqBjKPSaIn deceptive positive
pa7M0kBkXONGBB18v7UC deceptive positive
pqdd7pIHEn5jx33iZOT6 deceptive negative
FVvxXQ4Vrfflkx2JPOOT truthful negative
lnHW1JFeEbPyLyLSB3kN truthful positive
Adr3wQY5qnYCfKUTqUbi truthful positive
YoISrzN1YHsckiIDvMks truthful negative
rYFK4imyiu4bPcrC7IU9 truthful negative
dBlpfBvZUr5p5M3j9HBO deceptive positive
4y3one0kelIYDrV3J4Lr deceptive positive
Dqn2ARIIyugP1RElrWuf deceptive negative
gZzg9Nwjn9ZbBLTnlYoS truthful negative
TvLLrGaycN4MSdhe5Ofg truthful negative
1dcnAb9ZZyrWyKDxRsx4 truthful negative
n5aBw17ewV39zK9ym9mG deceptive positive
WNZltkky7l3BFKZ5qefr truthful negative
mBus9a1Rfcs2u2XEG3HL truthful positive
J1lbqHjC8moklVRFrvCV deceptive negative
W0OfETYpuLuAEjqWfXdg deceptive negative
cwknV5xnfZYzDdqCY7xF deceptive positive
hifC3lkhpvsd561EsFFL deceptive negative
0117CBUj98k8MKQp8svI deceptive positive
IUqu1vq94qDz2ZQaGIRJ deceptive negative
Z3htjlesmDwbv6A3uZE8 truthful negative
IgQOhveLGaTRP03Dv6jO truthful positive
3iNYdoi0czJKiV9XhNfd deceptive positive
DGcDUNxpstLxOy34WcqJ truthful positive
AGaqwoZRZc5iyO7qqRz2 deceptive negative
WsJa1kHuzrF32Dp3ZDPa truthful negative
fhhTbnes3dpNRYSoIJi5 deceptive positive
xCuHsQtUulOYcZDBdyCl truthful negative
wIXCdbZ7vRyMyJpkyCer deceptive negative
YHl7CXN4Aj2uu7fKiscl deceptive positive
lUuHPqklDPROMBujjBQr truthful negative
yY1Imonx7lviJn2ijgOo deceptive positive
fKAxWLKgCY8zPTeZL8lo truthful positive
IFqujzgtGZLylPH39uKQ deceptive positive
qoPS2snnNPVvrgd2HygH truthful positive
8zlgU10P5wJO0gTG7NFp deceptive negative
Ec8lujZLxkPuO5AQGTVC deceptive positive
JA5ISUWoskbJumz8NJvm truthful negative
yuakUIjCfF3EgFNYlVgB deceptive positive
p5olyMB8eqU5jRKn61e4 truthful negative
P08RjE6rVWqKwEqgGvxD deceptive positive
luv6biUMicLqRaQodOvG deceptive positive
t7q5RCWMZ05KtrJN47Lu truthful negative
2dC8KIpohRNCJ0YKvcZ1 truthful negative
3eG80pnxpMVdI3uia5N5 truthful negative
0dicitbqsgWtbnwWrWUr truthful negative
xtfLRrxR36uodruRgeoL truthful negative
9hdS6c8KEIBMtNXyKWew truthful positive
XMXr2nQd3OUsbhqAXJGK truthful positive
ChgxjJOVSOkogmSsqNrQ deceptive positive
0WiCwAVvPQlKK8eh76Xg truthful positive
0d0dPWf7lFXPnaV2yHQp deceptive negative
zb0ltJrVsRfY5F4MOBqm deceptive positive
TBFlzZoPbY38Icr3alNR deceptive negative
VfFmUpav5jqEfdHvuH0f truthful negative
NCXko5UazcHIV02peBzT truthful positive
ViulQAtoHD5OC52Ob8sK truthful positive
CI9TlfDijjfv6raQXYu9 truthful negative
YGHvQde6z1VU2vJRbXcI deceptive positive
wvIzYP5yXwHHXgUsJu0B truthful positive
T0F0SbQQRPceYHGdM1V6 deceptive negative
0piKbzmyA57D3LFO3SkC deceptive negative
eusUu9WvmCg6PtkBtNvP truthful negative
ajmBXI8pM4qghnSGT15m deceptive negative
frp2rxdwkpICPcSXLC30 truthful positive
xBOPygy1ZC1bn5REnkHn truthful negative
PrbExGHBnhn6y6DaKThs truthful negative
SFsBcsp7lH9fKOFxVVdb deceptive positive
sfItZ0NCX89qmHObAXlm truthful negative
mP9p6X46BsPBCRNhLqW4 deceptive positive
pN3AilBmAh2rhqBuFGca truthful positive
z47ILdDfuUiGbTlq8SFT deceptive positive
TfqIe2jGgTpSEHUjuFC4 truthful positive
cr7D4tCq22PGhP7E71i8 deceptive negative
QkHqLJp6sJhQ2JhLsBik truthful negative
ycUku7AggUjAMhCL0i9w truthful negative
SciWQ4LMHLnpTtnPVFK5 deceptive positive
B3l7ghdufpxRhOMFTRwI truthful negative
8x2voEvIl9hvJoZN03bv deceptive positive
2ghcN9kUnENeln77vIqU deceptive negative
hdpbUhmMoPJdz7oBjc82 truthful negative
YHZirrgNbOLEbz1AcEJS deceptive negative
mid0Z2LzfnR9lZytUvOk truthful negative
SbY75mK65SXiXbCaspTA deceptive positive
mVoAjaIXZoFDteHzNeVh deceptive positive
wJGTklYs4qWBT9ZCqHnQ truthful positive
W3FdKbyNFViiAGEXATuP truthful negative
TmWVAHpUbTs5b9lE1dSL deceptive negative
i9ZIWtrkLfF3cUBcSlDc truthful negative
amFFEwIj7m1SJNRoaZAY truthful negative
XDIBcY2AUJaru1gj4SCJ truthful negative
w64HXo2IPMD0PxBs4kmN truthful positive
ZJPcamhCX9vGKcOJWFib truthful positive
BogsvSYGSQrsslvoj7sP deceptive negative
nIsGbfo6cIhfko198wdN truthful positive
v3EkQdRrHbNnF9K0uVSB truthful positive
MRm26AwP1VWC3LFcsqRX deceptive positive
DkD6uaAoeV1U8oQ4rhdk deceptive negative
PALM26Mg43YKKJY2hRbd deceptive negative
yF4diUPjNIXjYvpA2DBp deceptive positive
CoWXkNCgA47V3Fths1ZI deceptive negative
JthDNuvhHUJiPXy8Zf7y deceptive negative
rCFNDQDwqYzDWjluiCJQ truthful negative
oEJ1fvDwMomPx32Fjjl4 truthful negative
OSCsPqG5AAUVrwvwW2FE deceptive positive
6RUDT6D3sEY3eVmqP69N deceptive negative
uoxYI3H0wAOoaAX2AiFE truthful positive
3CmRHW2sC0TDrcFXiLCC truthful positive
Eu8yYnoJdhQWuMjKzocB truthful positive
TYumw2eqra4BCAu4kfDX deceptive negative
tlNs6SvNUWwV92GHyJzG deceptive positive
JM9pQp3Hm5lUR6bTFgfb deceptive positive
MYrGdCHWZwTvDNhhCge9 deceptive negative
j87YS1j9DFQiX1hxuC1G deceptive positive
Jbi5Y0iWu3Gc0SSCXP65 truthful negative
ugSMfA1jIis7HvdHadqu truthful positive
oZKLde0zYAixrnPovTi6 deceptive negative
XeE8mE69sRpvgbYXtLjn deceptive negative
s6c3nz1F8gdcE3ZBSxnd deceptive negative
kD2fgSCMdr2RrErF5En5 truthful positive
sCyGmzCalwMF3091MPwP deceptive positive
A8M9xkGk1iBKA5DxQsjX truthful positive
VRTPeyrFfWSIo7nrtmyk truthful positive
aNNPWnYj90AsJTKzEHhH truthful positive
bP4MiZNB25Q8D1SoxJcB truthful negative
2ypd1WQqy05ymBtTfali truthful positive
AOhEXlT5VcuhtI0MuEzQ deceptive positive
13FP7Y8OeoJthhiwMemy truthful negative
dNr37N5UoqilGS5qvQZz truthful negative
fpjM2FQ3YSKTdA46oa7i truthful negative
TsHGCUCqqfkOAclzVYgO truthful negative
TAZ6A76Y0DDEi9ZLU0sL deceptive negative
ulpZLoULJe3sxEs3mlvO deceptive positive
6jOHr2LslpDBTnybKwUo deceptive positive
eFcsQqjFurwNNTFhNJOt truthful negative
zOa4juOxWTHWNgOOOe6u truthful negative
Y85NRIAL96uV7ksA2mEC deceptive positive
21jl365VxqszmTAJ29g0 truthful positive
eGQKSzkanAkIlKIos6gh deceptive negative
mfFtuXvOoEkQGFC1E2cR deceptive negative
UNpprySWEV6VwRCy2All deceptive positive
yPHsGAPJya4AswH5W2W7 deceptive positive
Jule92itxNdd5MvBqdq3 deceptive positive
wsbNToyceIhzCBgZsUcO truthful positive
49TfZiDBS1SNojiA2YNo deceptive negative
Mk5G6fDizFObHJhe1nAQ truthful negative
4Z47YQd38bWz7Dt9NANN truthful positive
uVRvpv9TVIdR2jH7ryGX deceptive positive
U1uA7gSyxPs1nx8sIlB2 deceptive positive
9XIdBGhkcuXjTkag2VHO deceptive negative
VrYdBAajGMF3Lp7t54IG truthful positive
CUNgn3sRE2HIcrrFbUnm deceptive negative
YtmtdXnFwwL5qQwBJFww deceptive negative
WZ6q8EuRVNqifcmMWMMb deceptive negative
fWMqTW7UmKorOBPq56fQ deceptive negative
7sslJkpu5FiO4BaLy8mI deceptive negative
sF9mtfz0rCsBN3qF67Xd deceptive positive
M8Wn3wU5wRwYvJvigPKT deceptive negative
CRp6unFWd3wkqYVUM117 deceptive positive
jMiWy6TkSnRuJKc2om18 deceptive positive
erp5N0yaDATSWYVNvWKM deceptive positive
x3kn0AU0bqLOU137q9BW deceptive negative
j7yddabKwtC9qq42U5u7 deceptive positive
EqC5zzI5kc2LLZLfELwJ truthful positive
LzB2Sl68NDTN7eWByr9y truthful positive
VjJiB47FqD4sj8pUIp76 truthful negative
mZwf5MoggTm8rYe6rsur deceptive negative
CCLX9NBBqHeFzm7AiNYb truthful positive
wWyuD27jaW14J18QHYXl deceptive negative
OCRNEbTA59IMiLJTK3Nx deceptive negative
k18IsXyJ071LCXax46BS deceptive positive
pteB9wDEOBOuDTfpFNke deceptive negative
pA1eacOaaCZkgq1UFLDS truthful negative
IiUQvQRFNrmKo4rJGHmO truthful negative
IYNXEpv9HnjoitY7MHFU deceptive negative
WFDFGLINXgTKG87bsEz9 deceptive positive
lSYXz6BgPxAAZxbdcWgo truthful positive
PeZYDZ3PYQJFbjSQq7Sz truthful positive
dY8gf8dI3iYpmLFVIus2 truthful negative
DdgbT64N91j6n5Y5vYRB deceptive negative
eImrDM9zF5rOhBRzShXW deceptive negative
rW4x1KYZa5gWBzs9i6Al truthful negative
mhYtSOPkofXF83vnd5NS deceptive positive
59uRj3oNBVbgEJP1vCa3 deceptive negative
rml0T9JjRb5CeaejcoAv truthful negative
Wdjd5yI7rgNf0zp1H8cM deceptive negative
EoOTjBX7WKXnR4ccf70L truthful negative
xnWSw3uN6HX1QHQ3H2Vy truthful positive
1Fkd0gQRjV7aA9zeddBs truthful negative
U0stEt2ob3CqWe25pSU6 truthful negative
1fkWtYSYvM56Mhzd8jm7 deceptive positive
Qk9jbmEKENHXNbVAIYPM deceptive negative
ohwIVdV7ugy9SmTsSkMV deceptive negative
OWYcZPXqGvxtgVBvfkpK deceptive positive
3zPsHxMdnoXGqoZ2iVyN deceptive negative
4v5Dgixi6YxIUrrqztBV deceptive negative
yJJNgNWaJq9HFOxhxEoS deceptive positive
wkKzxICoIga0mcFVBDJK deceptive positive
wfvdhSMkwMNlC4phDubE truthful positive
OHYujBeUmBn7D9An7F9n truthful positive
bYXSaXc8wvcDe0W415O7 truthful positive
3ldO78WFiwuzJCZl1Uap truthful positive
OALNENld1xE8xrRNMWgq truthful positive
jHCFTTOdm3ZvqiJjA9Ka deceptive positive
HYKWF5sHzKAQ6e3hChwQ truthful negative
DVhELT4k0ZSy0XNsot8w truthful negative
c6UMu4YF1H6gBwCxCVgy deceptive positive
SNsGpAJ46GKs4eQvqQDe deceptive positive
vTZsM4Qh54LXxwzHbr1C truthful positive
GT0Lw7kfFtpTqQ6xzk0d deceptive negative
YnjGKf63FeuoW0ewBTWR deceptive negative
GMf4cIxKzIieKDyACNf5 deceptive negative
5gpRbf5O2a0kzPgyQ845 deceptive negative
VoglqJl3yTuyJ5lJSS41 truthful negative
sxhVKxT218z4uoBMosBp deceptive negative
mPkRyv7dJJJtBXJ47HER deceptive negative
yvgYgXX5QJIRGrw0OKLv truthful negative
IQ4jZpIDDhzCfzx0CCLV truthful positive
RGnCNPmc3yjA6whePKX3 deceptive positive
Nk2AXt5E2CBhA9EqWBRC deceptive positive
sNm52hKJTVlxiagfSC9H truthful negative
f2kridaWfrMFuGLgunGm truthful negative
3KrFs24Cf6IeUC4AlMCr deceptive negative
XS6TbBmKSmUGpJWLdvPo deceptive negative
B3tbHFD253r9i3ig0eSj truthful negative
CY9mNtwpqDcb5nHHeWsZ deceptive negative
8GvkIQCy3gfHSW8W2fqK truthful positive
NQoCL3EtN2ZjTpOPlvDj deceptive negative
aQPg6qXmPxNGmzDR2gGO truthful negative
hzW09mSvsjk3LQUJ6MZy truthful negative
M67Pv5PFGXD23q0lKO2f truthful negative
A32j7GWmDyxkG2Le85WF truthful negative
lGVdqTWEqBFdU5XbnhKI truthful positive
WENC0L3CuvHev6CI2qZW truthful positive
LwjQd562HZw7ywhEmthV deceptive positive
jhqMnAR11dHWlkttNDUf deceptive negative
PWcAcsoPxTpd7aBOvLhv deceptive positive
jCWrbRCpJ3XaYdr4wgoO deceptive negative
sgfBQr2nIZWuR8puoYcT truthful negative
3OJuGCnqs52Xc08GIDWs deceptive positive
kC2OR3GG9ejhtaBBDcIL deceptive positive
kJHdnU44koL9wqBw5EGK truthful positive
vTZRUQjaAjncEqLmpfXr truthful positive
Qu35ZSStgdZciLcdm0Js deceptive negative
6Lhh4H7jixpPGPSWx8t2 truthful positive
LN0q0rlhKmpuasnqFtAl truthful positive
k0T9e0jquvcsG15BKsQA truthful negative
PGbcj9FFA14Oqcg6YZug truthful negative
Hontx6jiDU8WozzERmOi truthful negative
nNRXVROvsHKHdSurkK85 deceptive positive
KjJKQzoQngtlaZLnsovp truthful negative
d3u6rclgxeXmszqEVZFi deceptive positive
3itxGfnqjdc8ivrnRJKp deceptive positive
rdDrBxbwOcBVrkUhwJoB deceptive positive
28qVJUZY91REiiZCurN7 deceptive negative
M2TkR9e0IroiVmhaMqWL deceptive positive
9JJVHeui7ege0FjnCHuN truthful positive
TjKRs4KMVvXWVXbd2g4B deceptive negative
4yk1bDpPWlJzEQq2aJB7 deceptive negative
cQWevjHxhCFgHcvK6oRf deceptive negative
R5U79f5g4lMAEpH1hDUQ truthful negative
6ru0T1DcC7pPSejJwFqV truthful positive
kZqc6HiOlLweioMlZf6P deceptive negative
cdP0bdHMCiIzizBAVDTY truthful negative
CHCnXtfBSFq8PqVAxa3n deceptive positive
hZPI8r1pXgCyyWT6dXjc deceptive negative
RdO8ak8AkjIXWZway7qJ truthful negative
fkURS1T1R2ucxw92p02r deceptive negative
n1wrqyQhCZJ6zvaKiiYF truthful negative
Ns3TYoTfIUIAGuoPdOdF deceptive positive
4FzGRuD2uyRpUk2Ng2Ky truthful positive
3sgV369SbtwwDMWnEIHy truthful positive
leMECmPzBhyeXoBy6WHx truthful negative
jZOGkJGOD0qdIv9flQKd truthful negative
lRzEOJKvsTOvpXmhgUlI truthful negative
OMR24ZLEsoPwy8rlv2W2 deceptive negative
heAFuWTsVOPtfkGRrSoD deceptive negative
9y4wMUKmLFA5Rz2saah3 truthful positive
CDL98feHfSyJ1SlcxxH6 deceptive negative
ih8N3gG6dC0AhLdlBEqa truthful positive
vVouiVQFUrxKxA2QHPgE truthful negative
lD4mlH9sWDtqNrATSV9f deceptive positive
125hnJ22cJc133Mzta9R deceptive negative
gjqGO5n9BDo90aRP4N9K truthful positive
GA6DkcIrDNn7iqkuumlC truthful positive
o4VtP3culSeClXmeyQdr deceptive negative
vIanR0swdQL1Wsw1JZri truthful negative
IGHiE9AvzriUCocfdhGh truthful negative
aVVG41fBjojVipZnLt4O truthful positive
sDBuJAO53MJ7JRlqoIlW deceptive positive
Zn0q5lLJS4sWwj95fG3F deceptive positive
2p2FWSGBxKdVvSCS7nZF deceptive positive
OjXqosASqd7cOmw7RDUR deceptive positive
Iy2Y7SOSrI9ZlhU0Cy4G truthful negative
xMTDPvz3pNApCGKnFy7n deceptive positive
PHzhfX0XYyYKtyAZRScy deceptive negative
DBYvL66gJZxAoroiucR6 deceptive positive
